pages/graduate.md, before:

---
title: Graduate
permalink: /graduate/
layout: page
published: true
sidebar: true
sidebar-content: |
  **Chair:**  
   Dr. Michael A. Leeds  
   831 Ritter Annex  
   [(215) 204-8030](tel:2152048030)  
   [mleeds@temple.edu](mailto:mleeds@temple.edu)  
   
   ___
   
   **Director of Graduate Studies:**  
   Douglas Webber    
   877 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-5025](tel:2152045025)    
   [douglas.webber@temple.edu](mailto:douglas.webber@temple.edu)    
   
   ___
   
   **Administrator:**  
   Ms. Belinda Wilson    
   821 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-0472](tel:2152040472)    
   [bwilson@temple.edu](mailto:jvincent@temple.edu)    
   
   ___

   **Coordinators:**  
   Ms. Janice Vincent    
   825 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-8880](tel:2152048880)    
   [jvincent@temple.edu](mailto:jvincent@temple.edu)
---
## Degrees and Programs of Study
![Economics Books]({{site.baseurl}}/media/economics-books.png){:.img-right}
The Department of Economics offers full-time and part-time graduate programs leading to master’s (MA) and doctoral (Ph.D.) degrees. After completing the MA program, students should have the technical skills required for economic analysis of business and public policy. After completing the Ph.D. program, students should be able to conduct original research and advance knowledge in the field.

## M.A. in Economics
Our master’s degree in economics helps students understand contemporary economic theory and its application to problems in industry, business and government. Students can focus on a specific area of economics or follow a general course of study. Potential areas of specialization include: econometrics, financial economics, health economics, international monetary economics and labor economics. The program provides specialized study and can serve as a terminal degree or a foundation for those who intend to apply to the PhD program.

The MA in Economics prepares the student to understand contemporary economic theory and its application to problems arising in industry, business, and government. The program gives the student an opportunity to specialize in one of two areas: (a) general economics or (b) applied economics and financial markets. The program is primarily dedicated to producing well-trained researchers and managers in the field of Economics. Many students go on to enter Ph.D. programs. 

Learn more about the [MA in Economics](http://bulletin.temple.edu/graduate/scd/cla/economics-ma/)

## Ph.D in Economics
The Ph.D. in economics is designed to prepare the student for university teaching and research, and for positions as economists in government, business and industry. The program emphasizes the development of advanced research and scholarship skills in applied economics areas. To accomplish this, the program has fields in econometrics, economic development, industrial organization, international economics, financial economics, and labor economics. The program has a strong track record in placing its graduates in desirable positions.

Learn more about the [PhD in Economics](http://bulletin.temple.edu/graduate/scd/cla/economics-phd/)

## Admissions Process

Please visit the [Economics Graduate Admissions page](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/admissions/graduate/economics) to learn more about graduate program requirements and instructions on how to apply.

## Graduate Resources
- [Graduate Program FAQ's](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/Economics%20Graduate%20Program%20FAQ.pdf)- If you still have questions, please [contact us](mailto:claecon@temple.edu).
- [Graduate Student Handbook](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/Economics_MA_Handbook_0.pdf)
- [Graduate Forms](http://www.temple.edu/grad/forms/index.htm)
- [Graduate School Funding](http://www.temple.edu/grad/finances/index.htm) 
- [Graduate School Policies](http://www.temple.edu/grad/policies/index.htm)

Commit message:

added link to Grad admissions page

pages/graduate.md, after:

---
title: Graduate
permalink: /graduate/
layout: page
published: true
sidebar: true
sidebar-content: |
  **Chair:**  
   Dr. Michael A. Leeds  
   831 Ritter Annex  
   [(215) 204-8030](tel:2152048030)  
   [mleeds@temple.edu](mailto:mleeds@temple.edu)  
   
   ___
   
   **Director of Graduate Studies:**  
   Douglas Webber    
   877 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-5025](tel:2152045025)    
   [douglas.webber@temple.edu](mailto:douglas.webber@temple.edu)    
   
   ___
   
   **Administrator:**  
   Ms. Belinda Wilson    
   821 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-0472](tel:2152040472)    
   [bwilson@temple.edu](mailto:jvincent@temple.edu)    
   
   ___

   **Coordinators:**  
   Ms. Janice Vincent    
   825 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-8880](tel:2152048880)    
   [jvincent@temple.edu](mailto:jvincent@temple.edu)
---
## Degrees and Programs of Study
![Economics Books]({{site.baseurl}}/media/economics-books.png){:.img-right}
The Department of Economics offers full-time and part-time graduate programs leading to master’s (MA) and doctoral (Ph.D.) degrees. After completing the MA program, students should have the technical skills required for economic analysis of business and public policy. After completing the Ph.D. program, students should be able to conduct original research and advance knowledge in the field.

Please visit the [Economics Graduate Admissions page](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/admissions/graduate/economics) to learn more about graduate program requirements and instructions on how to apply.

## M.A. in Economics
Our master’s degree in economics helps students understand contemporary economic theory and its application to problems in industry, business and government. Students can focus on a specific area of economics or follow a general course of study. Potential areas of specialization include: econometrics, financial economics, health economics, international monetary economics and labor economics. The program provides specialized study and can serve as a terminal degree or a foundation for those who intend to apply to the PhD program.

The MA in Economics prepares the student to understand contemporary economic theory and its application to problems arising in industry, business, and government. The program gives the student an opportunity to specialize in one of two areas: (a) general economics or (b) applied economics and financial markets. The program is primarily dedicated to producing well-trained researchers and managers in the field of Economics. Many students go on to enter Ph.D. programs. 

Learn more about the [MA in Economics](http://bulletin.temple.edu/graduate/scd/cla/economics-ma/)

## Ph.D in Economics
The Ph.D. in economics is designed to prepare the student for university teaching and research, and for positions as economists in government, business and industry. The program emphasizes the development of advanced research and scholarship skills in applied economics areas. To accomplish this, the program has fields in econometrics, economic development, industrial organization, international economics, financial economics, and labor economics. The program has a strong track record in placing its graduates in desirable positions.

Learn more about the [PhD in Economics](http://bulletin.temple.edu/graduate/scd/cla/economics-phd/)

## Admissions Process
Please visit the [Economics Graduate Admissions page](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/admissions/graduate/economics) to learn more about graduate program requirements and instructions on how to apply.

## Graduate Resources
- [Graduate Program FAQ's](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/Economics%20Graduate%20Program%20FAQ.pdf)- If you still have questions, please [contact us](mailto:claecon@temple.edu).
- [Graduate Student Handbook](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/Economics_MA_Handbook_0.pdf)
- [Graduate Forms](http://www.temple.edu/grad/forms/index.htm)
- [Graduate School Funding](http://www.temple.edu/grad/finances/index.htm) 
- [Graduate School Policies](http://www.temple.edu/grad/policies/index.htm)
