pages/undergradaute.md, before:

---
title: Undergraduate
permalink: /undergraduate/
layout: page
keywords: ''
description: >-
published: true
sidebar: true
sidebar-content: |
  **Chair:**  
   Dr. Michael A. Leeds  
   831 Ritter Annex  
   [(215) 204-8030](tel:2152048030)  
   [mleeds@temple.edu](mailto:mleeds@temple.edu)  
   
   ___
   
   **Director of Undergraduate Studies:**  
   Moritz Ritter    
   809 Ritter Annex   
   [(215) 204-5029](tel:2152045029)    
   [moritz.ritter@temple.edu](mailto:moritz.ritter@temple.edu)   
   
   ___
   
   **Administrator:**  
   Ms. Belinda Wilson    
   821 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-0472](tel:2152040472)    
   [bwilson@temple.edu](mailto:jvincent@temple.edu)    
   
   ___

   **Coordinators:**  
   Ms. Janice Vincent    
   825 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-8880](tel:2152048880)    
   [jvincent@temple.edu](mailto:jvincent@temple.edu)
---
![Economics Wall Image]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized Econ Wall image.jpg){:.img-right}
## Where Can a Major in Economics Take You? 
Graduates with an undergraduate major in economics, whether it is the liberal arts or the business major, will find that it has prepared them for a broad spectrum of jobs in business, economic consulting and government. The reason is that courses in economics emphasize using an orderly way of thinking about, and solving, problems that arise from having to make choices in situations that are beyond an individual’s direct experience. The abstract reasoning skills that are practiced in economics are highly valued where choosing efficiently in coordination with others is important. Everyone has to have the same basic problem-solving approach and economic training provides that.

Thus, in business, a major problem that companies face is to earn at least enough to cover their costs. That means they have to have people at managerial levels who are focused on increasing a company’s revenues or decreasing its cost. And these people need to be able to operate on their own using a common framework so that their decisions are compatible with those of others in the company. In business, that common framework is the economic decision-making framework.

Similarly, in government, managers are required to achieve as much as they can with their limited budgets. And, of course, economic consulting firms bring specialized skills in problem solving that are beyond the capabilities of individual companies or government agencies.

## Program Overview
The major in economics exposes a student to the economist's way of thinking about social problems and behavior. The major helps a student understand the economic aspects of current events and public policy and it is a good preparation for careers in public policy, law and business. The BA major, which also provides the essential background for study of economics, is designed for those who are planning for careers in economics, among other Liberal Arts fields, as well as professional careers. The BBA major is offered to students who want to acquire a general business background in addition to specialized exposure to economics.
 
## Economics Major in the Fox School of Business (Fox)
The BBA major is offered to students who want to acquire a general business background in addition to specialized exposure to Economics. Please review the [Three-Year BBA Grid](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/3yearBBAinEconomics.pdf).

## 4+1 Program in Economics: BA/MA
The Economics Department’s 4+1 program allows talented, motivated students to pursue an MA degree during their Junior and Senior years and to complete the degree with just one additional year of study. This program is ideal for students with strong Econ and Math backgrounds to hone their skills before applying to a top-tier Ph.D. program or applying for jobs requiring advanced economic skills. Please review the [Grid for the Five-Year 4+1 BA/MA](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/Economics_BA_and_MA_41_Program-Annette.pdf). 

You can view the following [pdf](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/economics-41-requirements) to learn more about admission requirements, deadlines, prerequsites and contact information.

## Honors
The Economics Department offers honors versions of two introductory economics courses:
- [Economics 1901-Honors Macroeconomic Principles](http://bulletin.temple.edu/search/?P=ECON%201901)
- [Economics 1902-Honors Microeconomic Principles](http://bulletin.temple.edu/search/?P=ECON%201902)

## Research Opportunities
Students seeking research experience may work directly  with specific faculty members or through the Center for  Regional Economics at Temple. Student interns perform research relating to economic issues in the Delaware Valley under the supervision of Temple professors and professional economists.

## Prepare For Graduate Work
Economics is excellent preparation for graduate school, and is widely considered to be one of the best degrees for students interested in pursuing a professional degree in business or law. 

## Undergraduate Resources
- Changing your Major: Contact [CLA Advising](http://www.cla.temple.edu/advising/) for the CLA and CST majors and [Fox Advising](http://www.fox.temple.edu/cms_academics/dept/advising/) for the FSBM major
- Graduation Application Process: Contact [CLA Advising](http://www.cla.temple.edu/advising/) for the CLA and CST majors and [Fox Advising](http://www.fox.temple.edu/cms_academics/dept/advising/) for the FSBM major
- [Student Financial Services](http://www.temple.edu/sfs/)
- [Undergraduate Policies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies/).
- [Undergraduate FAQ's](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/Economics%20Undergraduate%20FAQ%27s.pdf)

Commit message:

Put in redirect to accelerated admissions page

pages/undergradaute.md, after:

---
title: Undergraduate
permalink: /undergraduate/
layout: page
keywords: ''
description: >-
published: true
sidebar: true
sidebar-content: |
  **Chair:**  
   Dr. Michael A. Leeds  
   831 Ritter Annex  
   [(215) 204-8030](tel:2152048030)  
   [mleeds@temple.edu](mailto:mleeds@temple.edu)  
   
   ___
   
   **Director of Undergraduate Studies:**  
   Moritz Ritter    
   809 Ritter Annex   
   [(215) 204-5029](tel:2152045029)    
   [moritz.ritter@temple.edu](mailto:moritz.ritter@temple.edu)   
   
   ___
   
   **Administrator:**  
   Ms. Belinda Wilson    
   821 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-0472](tel:2152040472)    
   [bwilson@temple.edu](mailto:jvincent@temple.edu)    
   
   ___

   **Coordinators:**  
   Ms. Janice Vincent    
   825 Ritter Annex    
   [(215) 204-8880](tel:2152048880)    
   [jvincent@temple.edu](mailto:jvincent@temple.edu)
---
![Economics Wall Image]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized Econ Wall image.jpg){:.img-right}
## Where Can a Major in Economics Take You? 
Graduates with an undergraduate major in economics, whether it is the liberal arts or the business major, will find that it has prepared them for a broad spectrum of jobs in business, economic consulting and government. The reason is that courses in economics emphasize using an orderly way of thinking about, and solving, problems that arise from having to make choices in situations that are beyond an individual’s direct experience. The abstract reasoning skills that are practiced in economics are highly valued where choosing efficiently in coordination with others is important. Everyone has to have the same basic problem-solving approach and economic training provides that.

Thus, in business, a major problem that companies face is to earn at least enough to cover their costs. That means they have to have people at managerial levels who are focused on increasing a company’s revenues or decreasing its cost. And these people need to be able to operate on their own using a common framework so that their decisions are compatible with those of others in the company. In business, that common framework is the economic decision-making framework.

Similarly, in government, managers are required to achieve as much as they can with their limited budgets. And, of course, economic consulting firms bring specialized skills in problem solving that are beyond the capabilities of individual companies or government agencies.

## Program Overview
The major in economics exposes a student to the economist's way of thinking about social problems and behavior. The major helps a student understand the economic aspects of current events and public policy and it is a good preparation for careers in public policy, law and business. The BA major, which also provides the essential background for study of economics, is designed for those who are planning for careers in economics, among other Liberal Arts fields, as well as professional careers. The BBA major is offered to students who want to acquire a general business background in addition to specialized exposure to economics.
 
## Economics Major in the Fox School of Business (Fox)
The BBA major is offered to students who want to acquire a general business background in addition to specialized exposure to Economics. Please review the [Three-Year BBA Grid](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/3yearBBAinEconomics.pdf).

## 4+1 Program in Economics: BA/MA
The Economics Department’s 4+1 program allows talented, motivated students to pursue an MA degree during their Junior and Senior years and to complete the degree with just one additional year of study. This program is ideal for students with strong Econ and Math backgrounds to hone their skills before applying to a top-tier Ph.D. program or applying for jobs requiring advanced economic skills. Please review the [Grid for the Five-Year 4+1 BA/MA](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/Economics_BA_and_MA_41_Program-Annette.pdf). 

To learn more about this accelerated degree offering, please visit the [Economics Accelerated Degree Admissions](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/ba-economics-ma-economics) page to learn more about graduate program requirements, dates and deadlines and instructions on how to apply.

## Honors
The Economics Department offers honors versions of two introductory economics courses:
- [Economics 1901-Honors Macroeconomic Principles](http://bulletin.temple.edu/search/?P=ECON%201901)
- [Economics 1902-Honors Microeconomic Principles](http://bulletin.temple.edu/search/?P=ECON%201902)

## Research Opportunities
Students seeking research experience may work directly  with specific faculty members or through the Center for  Regional Economics at Temple. Student interns perform research relating to economic issues in the Delaware Valley under the supervision of Temple professors and professional economists.

## Prepare For Graduate Work
Economics is excellent preparation for graduate school, and is widely considered to be one of the best degrees for students interested in pursuing a professional degree in business or law. 

## Undergraduate Resources
- Changing your Major: Contact [CLA Advising](http://www.cla.temple.edu/advising/) for the CLA and CST majors and [Fox Advising](http://www.fox.temple.edu/cms_academics/dept/advising/) for the FSBM major
- Graduation Application Process: Contact [CLA Advising](http://www.cla.temple.edu/advising/) for the CLA and CST majors and [Fox Advising](http://www.fox.temple.edu/cms_academics/dept/advising/) for the FSBM major
- [Student Financial Services](http://www.temple.edu/sfs/)
- [Undergraduate Policies](http://bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies/).
- [Undergraduate FAQ's](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/Economics%20Undergraduate%20FAQ%27s.pdf)
